Lab-SecA-Q2: The first line of output describes the current settings for output to the server. The rate is set to 3 seconds with
	     the range 4. The next line is the message of the IP address and heart rate of the patient. The last line describes
	     the message recieved by the server which should be the repeated message from the client. UDP does not take into
	     account collisions, data loss, flow control, or error correction. It is only concerned with speed.

Lab-SecA-Q4: UDP implementations of servers are usually characterized by lost packets and no reliability checking. We can see
	     the message in the snooping which means there is no encryption or security mechanism. The same messages are received
	     the client.

Lab-SecA-Q5: The rate was changed from 3 to 1 which caused the messages to be sent and recieved as much as 3 times faster than
	     the original speed.

Lab-SecA-Q6: The TLS client displayed a new rate of 15 from the server. Even though there was a new rate displayed, and that the
	     attack was sent, the messages still lined up and the program displayed the input and output correctly. Communication
	     was not hindered.

Lab-SecB-Q3: The TLS client sends a hearbeat to the server and the server sends back an acknowlegdement that it recieved its message.
	     The output is in the same formate as in the screenshot from Lab-B-1 from using the UDP server.

Lab-SecB-Q5: The data snooped here from wireshark is not readable becasue TLS implements encryption in its connection. This is
	     differenct from the UDP server where the data is completely readable.

Lab-SecB-Q6: The rate of send/recieve is initially 3 and the messages are perfectly aligned. When we changed the rate to 1, we
	     see that the messages are no longer aligned. This is because changing the rate sets up a new connection due to
	     the nature of TLS, and because there more security measures in the backgroud running, the messages become delayed by
	     one message and the messages are then no longer aligned. The output is thus wrong.

Lab-SecB-Q7: After the attack the messages are misaligned. The messages are off by one message. Again, setting a new rate establishes
	     a new connection and because the tls client writes the new message from the socket to the output, the messages are then
	     misaligned by one message.

Lab4-SecC-Q4: When the rate is changed, our program adjusts the change correctly and outputs the messages in the right order.
	      The writes and reads are now processed in different threads which takes into account the simultaneous reading
	      and writing. The multithreaded implementation allows the message to be outputted immediately without waiting
	      for a read.

Lab4-SecC-Q6: Output for the log file logged during tls execution.